{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 DejaVuSansMono;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red74\green170\blue4;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 SRR072893 from cufflinks output fasta format\
bed tools\
grep\
awk?\
python\
\
This command pulled out all of the lines that had "transcript" followed by a tab in them. I wanted these lines because they include the span of the entire gene, introns and exons. \
\cf2 \cb0 /Users/cmdb/cmdb-bootcamp-homework/SRR072893_output_cufflinks $ grep "transcript\\t" transcripts.gtf > start_transcripts.gtf\cf0 \cb1 \
\
This line used bedtools' flank command to find the 250 bps to the left of the start of each gene in my file, and stoed them in a new file. Total bp length is 250.\
\cf2 \cb0 /Users/cmdb/cmdb-bootcamp-homework/SRR072893_output_cufflinks $ bedtools flank -i start_transcripts.gtf -g genome_lengths.txt -l 250 -r 0 > bed_out_250.gtf\cf0 \cb1 \
\
Now bedtools will add 250 nucleotides to the right of the file that I made in the previous line. Total bp length is now 500. \
\cf2 \cb0 /Users/cmdb/cmdb-bootcamp-homework/SRR072893_output_cufflinks $ bedtools flank -i bed_out_250.gtf -g genome_lengths.txt -l 0 -r 500 > bed_out_500.gtf\cf0 \cb1 \
\
Now I convert my gtf file to a fasta file, which contains the actual sequence of the 500 bp lengths. Again, I use a bedtools command. This time it is called getfasta. \
\cf2 \cb0 /Users/cmdb/cmdb-bootcamp-homework/SRR072893_output_cufflinks $ bedtools getfasta -fi dmel-all-chromosome-r5.57.fasta -bed bed_out_500.gtf -fo bed_out_500.fasta\cf0 \cb1 \
\
Now I have to count the C's and G's in my 500 bp stretches with my python code...\
}